Feature/middlewaredocs (#86)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/concepts/middleware/IoT/index.md

It is estimated that in 2020, 50 billion of such as devices will be connected to each other ([@evans2011cisco](https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en_us/about/ac79/docs/innov/IoT_IBSG_0411FINAL.pdf)).
One thing that these 50 billion devices will share is the need to communicate, that is the field where the middleware plays an important role inside this vast technological challenge.
The middleware is in charge of facilitating the network deployment allowing developers to focus on the application implementation.

This article will introduce two standards though and developed with IoT in mind, MQTT and DDS-XRCE.

## MQTT

Message Queuing Telemetry Transport (MQTT) is one of the most used protocols in IoT solutions.
It has been designed as a lightweight message protocol to be used over TCP transports providing a standard and simple publish/subscribe interface for exchanging data.

The communication mechanism of MQTT is based on a client-server architecture.
This means that clients (MQTT Clients) are connected to a server (MQTT Broker) which is in charge of orchestrating the exchange of data using a publish-subscribe messaging pattern.

> That is, clients, publish messages associated with a particular Topic in the Broker, and this last redirects these messages to the clients subscribed to the Topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, clients publish messages associated with a particular Topic in the Broker, and this last redirects these messages to the clients subscribed to the Topic.
```

> So in MQTT, we can speak of some key concepts: Broker, client, Topic, Message, Publish and subscribe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So in MQTT, we can speak of some key concepts: Broker, Client, Topic, Message, Publish and Subscribe.
```

Each of these concepts has its role and meaning:

* The Broker acts as the backbone of the system.
    Dealing with the messages of topics.

> * The Clients are the parts in charge of publishing and receiving subscriptions data from the Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Clients are the parts in charge of publishing and receiving subscription data from the Broker.
```

* The Topic is a channel of information.
* Message a piece of information on a defined Topic.
* Publish is the action of sending a Message for a defined Topic to the Broker.
* Subscribe is the action of reflecting an interest in receiving all the Messages of a defined Topic.
It is handled in by the Broker.

![](./mqtt.png){:.img-responsive and style="max-width: 50%; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;"}

All this is done over a TCP protocol allowing the connection between Clients and Brokers over WANs and the Internet.

> Such a connection is made statically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a connection is made statically, i.e., the client must know the Broker address before a first connection is made.
```

> That is, the client must know the broker address before a first connection is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

These communications could obey three different QoS specifying the delivery behaviour:

* QoS0.

>     It does not guarantee delivery.

Reviewer: Delivery is not guaranteed.

Author: Changed into a table.

* QoS1.

>     Guarantees delivery but not protect against duplicity.

Reviewer: Delivery is guaranteed but it is not protected against duplicity.

Author: Changed into a table.

* QoS2.

>     Guarantees delivery and protects against duplicity.

Reviewer: Delivery is guaranteed and it is protected against duplicity.

Author: Changed into a table.

As mentioned before, there is the concept of Topic in this kind of middleware.
The Topic's type is set by the application as well as its name.
Publications are done using the Topic name and a set of data with a user-defined format.

> Analogously, the subscriptions are done to Topic names, while the data interpretation is the responsibility of the Clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analogously, subscriptions are done to Topic names, while the data interpretation is the responsibility of the Clients.
```

MQTT standard does not mark how this topic-type tuple is related, so the responsibility of topic understanding resides on the user side.

This architecture and communication pattern natively allows the interchange of data between devices (M2M protocol), composing this way a good IoT middleware.

## DDS-XRCE

The DDS for eXtremely Resource-Constrained Environments (DDS-XRCE) is a wire protocol, adopted by the Object Management Group (OMG),

> whose aim is to provide access to the DDS data-space from low resource devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whose aim is to provide access to the DDS (Data Distribution Service) data-space from low resource devices.
```
